Update and extend lazer mod articles (#14794)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Relax_(lazer)/en.md

:::

In osu!, the **Relax** mod automatically clicks on all [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) in a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), allowing the user to play by only moving the cursor.

In osu!taiko, the **Relax** mod allows the user to click on any hit object with any key, meaning it is no longer necessary to recognise which notes are [dons](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit) and which notes are [kats](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit).

In osu!catch, the **Relax** mod allows the user to control the catcher with a mouse (or tablet) instead of the keyboard. This also means the player no longer has to [dash](/wiki/Gameplay/Dash).

When using [Relax (RX)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Relax) in osu!(stable), the player cannot fail during a beatmap. This is not the case in osu!(lazer). Another difference to osu!(stable) is that scores achieved with this mod will be submitted to the global leaderboard (without awarding [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points)), show up under *Recent Plays (24h)* in player profiles and count towards play count.

> 

Reviewer: this needs improvements:
- as with some article above in the diff, this is a list of facts and I think that small sections would work better here
- the last paragraph sounds odd because the article is about the Lazer version of the mod. I think I suggested a similar rewording in the autopilot article already that doesn't name drop osu!(stable) every so often

Author: Ok, I tried adjusting it similarly to EZ, is it ok?

For the last paragraph I used the same wording as for AP. I also moved it up, so it doesn't look like it only applies to one mode.

Reviewer: yeah, all good now

**This mod cannot be customised.**

## Trivia

- In osu!, Relax clicks on hit objects approximately 10 ms early.

>   - Thus, as long as the player aims correctly, Relax used in combination with [Adaptive Speed (AS)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Adaptive_Speed) will cause the song to be sped up as the map progresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In osu!, Relax clicks on hit objects approximately 10 ms early. As a result, Relax used in combination with [Adaptive Speed (AS)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Adaptive_Speed) will cause constant speed up as the map progresses, as long as the player aims correctly.
```
think this works better than two list items
